=head1 FTN::JAM ToDo

Adapt some and/or all of the demo scripts to be distributed with the
distribution? At least update for use with the current FTN::JAM module.
Then add POD documentation including license and copyright information
and then add them to the distribution (but not yet to an installation).


=head2 Testing

Add message specific testing; adding a messsge, retrieveing a message, etc.

Add a note{} to the new test script instead of the comment regarding basic
operations.


=head2 FTN::JAM

One argument selects are used at multiple places in JAM.pm.  It's being 
used to change which of the JAM data files is being printed to at various
parts of the code.  Since at least some of those are one line after another,
not sure why the four different file pointers were just explicitly used
instead of switching back and fourth.

Verify/ensure that variables passed to subroutines are unpacked to local
variables before being used in the subroutine.

Change the format of the subroutine names from like OpenMB to something like
open_messagebase, amongst other reasons that it makes it clearer what is
being referred to.

Localize usage of Magic variable "$|".

Multiple issues with @_ not being unpacked at the beginning of a function.

A messagebase packing function is not directly available. It could be done
by creation of a temporary messagebase, copying the messages from the one
being packed to the temporary one, removing the original version of the
messagebase, then renaming the temporary one to original name. Or by
renaming the message base to a temporary name, recreating the messagebase,
then copying the messages from the temporary version to the new version.
(Might be issues either way.)  If do not add as a function, add it as an
example.


=head2 FTN::JAM::Subfields

Expand and update the POD documenation for the read only constants in the file.


=head2 FTN::JAM::Attr

Expand and update the POD documenation for the read only constants in the file.


=head2 FTN::JAM::Errnum

Expand and update the POD documenation for the read only constants in the file.


=head2 FTN::JAM::Examples

Create a file containing examples of using FTN::JAM, possibly using something
from the demo scripts as a basis.  Do this instead of simply cleaning up the
old demo scripts and including them in the distribution? Or do some or all
of both?  I.E.;  add an EXAMPLES section in FTN::JAM and/or a separate file
such as FTN::JAM::Examples, and have example scripts based on cleaned up demo
scripts?  Or create possibly separte ftnjam distribution that provides a
script that both does some basic operations on JAM message bases as well
as serving as an example of how to use FTN::JAM.


=head1 SEE ALSO

 L<FTN::JAM>, L<FTN::JAM::Subfields>, L<FTN::JAM::Attr>, L<FTN::JAM::Errnum>,
 L<FTN::JAM::Examples>, and L<FTN::JAM::ToDo>


=head1 AUTHOR

Robert James Clay, C<< <jame at rocasa.us> >>

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Robert James Clay, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut


